---
title: "考研核心"
date: 2021-04-15T15:21:04+08:00
tags: ["words", "English"]
categories: ["Words"]
---

# 3.20

## abound

There are many forests that abound with wild animals in Northest China.

v. 大量存在，富于，充满

Opportunities for misinterpretation, error, and self-deception **abound**.



## accurate

adj. 精准的，准确的



## breed

The horse is of the best breed

n.品种，类型

v.饲养，繁殖，养育，教育，酿成，导致



## expectation

n.希冀，期望；指望，预计，预期



## indication

n.指示，标志，表示，标示，迹象，暗示

Being unable to walk in a straight line is a clear indication of getting drunk.



## obvious 

It was obvious to everyone that the child had been hardly treated

adj.显而易见的，清楚的，自明的，明显的

## outward

adj。表面的，外表的，外出的，向外的；位于外面的。  

adv. 向外，往外

n.外表；外在事物；周围世界；外部



## paradox

It's a paradox that confronts every successful company: growth cretes complexity, which then threatens growth.

悖论，矛盾的人

## performance 

n.工作情况；表现；表演；演出，演奏，履行，执行，完成，性能，特征



## restrict

We restrict the number of students per class to 10.

This is apparently the reason MacSonald's restricts the availability of its popular McRib- a marketing trick that has turned the pork sandwich into an object of obsession.

限制，控制，约束



## scholar

He was the most **distinguished** **scholar** in his field.



## subtle

Her painting are characterized by sweeping brushstrokes and subtle colors.



# 3.22

## adapt

These styles can be adapted to suit individual tastes

适应，改编

## auction

Many people bid at this auction of jewellery, but it fails to reach the acceptable price..

拍卖

## compose

He picked up his guitar and began to compose a song.

撰写，组成，写作，作曲，使镇静

## instance

There have been several instances of juvenile delinquency in the city

n.实例，例子，事例

v.举。。。为例子

## outer

The outer layers of the skin

adj.外部的，外面的，外层的，客观外界的；物质的；非主观的

## prayer

prayers for the sick## remedy

Building more roads isn't always the best remedy for traffic jams

祈祷，祷告，祷文，祷辞

## remedy

Building more roads isn't always the best remedy for traffic jams

n.解决方法，解决良方，药品，治疗方法。 v.补救，矫正

## spite

out of spite

恶意，怨恨  （in spite of ）尽管   v.刁难，存心伤害，故意使烦恼

## title 

His poems were published under  the title of 'Love and Reason'



## torture

Many captives in the Nazi concentration camps were tortured by the German soldiers

vt.拷问，拷打，折磨，磨难



# 3.23

## account

Multinational corporations accounted for less than 30% of international trade in 1982

v.说明，解释，在（数量，比例方面）占；导致，引起

n.账户，赊购账；报道，记述；重要性；账目

## agitate

Executives were violently agitated.

Many Scottish people agitated against Britain's exit from the European Union

v.使不安，使紧张；鼓动，搅动，搅拌。

## besides

discounts on televisions, stereos and mluch more besides

打折                                           adv.而且，还有   prep.除。。。以外（还）， 除。。。以外（不再）

## delivery

the store offers free delivery to my home

n.投递，递交，送交，演讲风格；交付；分娩

## excitement

The man could hardly control his excitement when his wife told him she was pregnant

兴奋；激动

## mission

Many countries have sent troops in the peacekeeping mission

n.任务，代表团，使命

## robust

still in robust health since he had daily workouts for 40 years

adj.不妥协的，强有力的，健壮的，强壮的，健康的。

## sufficient

I have sufficient time to travel



## surgery

Her mother has just recovered from heart surgery

外科手术，外科，诊所

## surround

The lake is surrounded with/by trees





# 3.27



##  extravagant 

I was embarrassed by all the extravagant praise I was getting



## absolute

absolute confidence/trust/silence/truth

绝对的，完全的，十足的

## behave

They behave very badly towards their guests



## dim

I couldn't see what was on the wall clearly because the light was very dim

灯光昏暗的，人愚钝的，迟钝的，使减弱，使暗淡

## juvenile

Lack of care from parents may give rise to juvenile crime



## perplex

They were perplex by her response

v.使困惑，使茫然，使担忧，困扰

## pyramid

a management pyramid



## rail

a picture/curtain/towel rail



## starve

pictures of starving children



## tough

a tough childhood





# 3.28



## specialist

My father is a cancer specialist and he has many years of experience in treating cancer



## collaborate

He was suspected of collaborating with the enemy



## seal

Make sure you've signed the cheque before sealing the envelope



## converge

People converged from all over the country to watch the final



## comic

Charlie Chaplin is regarded as one of the greatest comic actors in the world



## emphasis

Scientists place much enphasis on this study about cancer treatment.

n.重要性，重点强调，重点

## minimize

Costs were minimized by using plastic instead of the leather



## complaint

You have no real grounds for complaint.



## complex

complex machinery



## precise

precise details/instructions/measurements



# 4.4

## argue



## classic



## chew



## motivate

He is good at motivating students to work hard



## refrain

Please refrain from smoking



## policy

The company has adopted a firm policy on shoplifting



## rude



## expert



## curve 

The curve of his lips attracts many young women



## refrain





# 4.6

## puzzle

a crossword puzzle



## threshold

I have a high pain threshold



## terminate

Your contract has been terminated



## nasty

People around her can never stand her nasty temper



## resource

The green groups advocate the sustainable use of natural resources.



## federal

A federal republic

联邦制的，联邦政府的



## ideology

Political ideology may affect a country's policy making



## safeguard



 

# 4.7

## wedge

He hammered the wedge into the crack as hard as he could



## industrial

The leading western industrial countries attended the summit



## deny

The man who was questioned denied any involvement in the violent crime



## graduate



## hunt

Whales are still being hunted and killed in the Arctic



## resist

It takes the most cool-headed and good-tempered of drivers to resist the temptation to revenge when subjected to uncivilized behavior



## faculty

Both faculty and students oppose the policy



# 4.16



## turbulent

The **general** was successful in the army, but he had a **turbulent** political career after entering **parliament**



## exposure

long exposure to the sun may cause skin cancer



## gear

careless use of the clutch may damage the gears



## bronze

The status is made of bronze



## multiply

The children are already learning the multiply and divide



## elbow

She elbowed her way through the crowd



## harm

Eating too much and exercising little will do harm to your health



## abuse

He was arrested on charges of corruption and abuse of power



## fertile

There are fertile fields in the Yangtze River Delta



## vowel

Each lauguage has a different vowel system



## moan

Drivers are moaning about the bad weather that makes the traffic jam worse

呻吟

## parliament

A new education reform bill was passed by parliament last week



## gap

reducing the gap between rich and poor is one of the main challenges



## proportion

The proportion of female workers in this company has risen to 47%



## necklace

He bought a diamond necklace for his wife as a Christmas gift



## mount

Pressure is mounting on the government to change the law



# 4.18

## burden

to bear/carry/ease/reduce/share the burden



## trumpet

He is eager to learn how to play the trumpet



## shallow

a shallow dish



## variation

There is a wide variation of opinion about the ways to deal with the pollution



## puppet

We took the children to watch a puppet show



## encounter

We encountered a lot of problems in the first month



## rot

荒唐，恶化，腐败，堕落

v.腐烂 使腐败，腐朽

The wood must not get damp as rot can quickly result



## chip

The entire content of a book will be located on a single silicon chip



## conspicuous

His conspicuous red hair made him easy to be recognized in the crowd



## correspondent

Mike is a successful political correspondent as he unveiled a political scandal recently



## interact

Teachers have a limited amount of time to interact with each child.



## transfer

I'm going to transfer some money to your account



## troop

There were still repoets of troop movement in the area



## forth

He was very upset and paced back and forth



## 